docs/general/faq.md, before:

# Frequently Asked Questions

## Table of Contents

- [Where are Babel and ESLint configured?](#where-are-babel-and-eslint-configured)
- [Where are the files coming from when I run `npm start`?](#where-are-the-files-coming-from-when-i-run-npm-start)
- [How do I fix `Error: listen EADDRINUSE 127.0.0.1:3000`?](#how-do-i-fix-error-listen-eaddrinuse-1270013000)
  - [OS X / Linux](#os-x-linux)
  - [Windows](#windows)
- [Issue with local caching when running in production mode (F5 / ctrl+F5 / cmd+r weird behavior)](#issue-with-local-caching-when-running-in-production-mode-f5--ctrlf5--cmdr-weird-behavior)
  - [Quick fix on your local browser:](#quick-fix-on-your-local-browser)
  - [Full in-depth explanation](#full-in-depth-explanation)
- [Local webfonts not working for development](#local-webfonts-not-working-for-development)
- [Non-route containers](#non-route-containers)
  - [Where do I put the reducer?](#where-do-i-put-the-reducer)
  - [How do I run the saga?](#how-do-i-run-the-saga)
- [Using this boilerplate with WebStorm](#using-this-boilerplate-with-webstorm)
  - [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
  - [Enable ESLint](#enable-eslint)
- [Use CI with bitbucket pipelines](#use-ci-with-bitbucket-pipelines)
- [I'm using Node v0.12 and the server doesn't work?](#im-using-node-v012-and-the-server-doesnt-work)
- [How to keep my project up-to-date with `react-boilerplate`?](#how-to-keep-my-project-up-to-date-with-react-boilerplate)
- [Have another question?](#have-another-question)

## Where are Babel and ESLint configured?

In package.json

## Where are the files coming from when I run `npm start`?

In development Webpack compiles your application runs it in-memory. Only when
you run `npm run build` will it write to disk and preserve your bundled
application across computer restarts.

## How do I fix `Error: listen EADDRINUSE 127.0.0.1:3000`?

This simply means that there's another process already listening on port 3000.
The fix is to kill the process and rerun `npm start`.

### OS X / Linux:

1. Find the process id (PID):
    ```Shell
    ps aux | grep node
    ```
    > This will return the PID as the value following your username:
    > ```Shell
    > janedoe    29811  49.1  2.1  3394936 356956 s004  S+    4:45pm   2:40.07 node server
    > ```
    > Note: If nothing is listed, you can try `lsof -i tcp:3000` 

1. Then run
    ```Shell
    kill -9 YOUR_PID
    ```
    > e.g. given the output from the example above, `YOUR_PID` is `29811`, hence
    that would mean you would run `kill -9 29811`

### Windows

1. Find the process id (PID):
    ```Shell
    netstat -a -o -n
    ```

    > This will return a list of running processes and the ports they're
    listening on:
    > ```
    > Proto     Local Address     Foreign Address   State       PID
    > TCP       0.0.0.0:25        0.0.0.0:0         Listening   4196
    > ...
    > TCP       0.0.0.0:3000      0.0.0.0:0         Listening   28344
    ```

1. Then run
    ```Shell
    taskkill /F /PID YOUR_PID
    ```
    > e.g. given the output from the example above, `YOUR_PID` is `28344`, hence
    that would mean you would run `taskkill /F /PID 28344`

## Issue with local caching when running in production mode (F5 / ctrl+F5 / cmd+r weird behavior)

Your production site isn't working? You update the code and nothing changes? It drives you insane?

#### Quick fix on your local browser:

To fix it on your local browser, just do the following. (Suited when you're testing the production mode locally)

`Chrome dev tools > Application > Clear Storage > Clear site data` *(Chrome)*

#### Full in-depth explanation

Read more at https://github.com/NekR/offline-plugin/blob/master/docs/updates.md

## Local webfonts not working for development

In development mode CSS sourcemaps require that styling is loaded by blob://,
resulting in browsers resolving font files relative to the main document.

A way to use local webfonts in development mode is to add an absolute
output.publicPath in webpack.dev.babel.js, with protocol.

```javascript
// webpack.dev.babel.js

output: {
  publicPath: 'http://127.0.0.1:3000/',
  /* … */
},
```

## Non-route containers

> Note: Container will always be nested somewhere below a route. Even if there's dozens of components
in between, somewhere up the tree will be route. (maybe only "/", but still a route)

### Where do I put the reducer?

While you can include the reducer statically in `reducers.js`, we don't recommend this as you lose
the benefits of code splitting. Instead, add it as a _composed reducer_. This means that you
pass actions onward to a second reducer from a lower-level route reducer like so:


```JS
// Main route reducer

function myReducerOfRoute(state, action) {
  switch (action.type) {
    case SOME_OTHER_ACTION:
      return someOtherReducer(state, action);
  }
}
```

That way, you still get the code splitting at route level, but avoid having a static `combineReducers`
call that includes all of them by default.

*See [this and the following lesson](https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-redux-reducer-composition-with-arrays?course=getting-started-with-redux) of the egghead.io Redux course for more information about reducer composition!*

### How do I run the saga?

Since a container will always be within a route, one we can simply add it to the exported array in
`sagas.js` of the route container somewhere up the tree:

```JS
// /containers/SomeContainer/sagas.js

import { someOtherSagaFromNestedContainer } from './containers/SomeNestedContainer/sagas';

function* someSaga() { /* … */ }

export default [
  someSaga,
  someOtherSagaFromNestedContainer,
];
```

Or, if you have multiple sagas in the nested container:


```JS
// /containers/SomeContainer/sagas.js

import nestedContainerSagas from './containers/SomeNestedContainer/sagas';

function* someSaga() { /* … */ }

export default [
  someSaga,
  ...nestedContainerSagas,
];
```

## Using this boilerplate with WebStorm

WebStorm is a powerful IDE, and why not also use it as debugger tool? Here is the steps

1.  [Install JetBrain Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jetbrains-ide-support/hmhgeddbohgjknpmjagkdomcpobmllji)
2.  [Setting up the PORT](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/2016.1/using-jetbrains-chrome-extension.html)
3.  Change WebPack devtool config to `source-map` [(This line)](https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate/blob/56eb5a0ec4aa691169ef427f3a0122fde5a5aa24/internals/webpack/webpack.dev.babel.js#L65)
4.  Run web server (`npm run start`)
5.  Create Run Configuration (Run > Edit Configurations)
6.  Add new `JavaScript Debug`
7.  Setting up URL
8.  Start Debug (Click the green bug button)
9.  Edit Run Configuration Again
10.  Mapping Url as below picture
    * Map your `root` directory with `webpack://.` (please note the last dot)
    * Map your `build` directory with your root path (e.g. `http://localhost:3000`)
11.  Hit OK and restart debugging session

![How to debug using WebStorm](webstorm-debug.png)

### Troubleshooting

1. You miss the last `.` (dot) in `webpack://.`
2. The port debugger is listening tool and the JetBrain extension is mismatch.

### Enable ESLint

ESLint help making all developer follow the same coding format. Please also setting up in your IDE, otherwise, you will fail ESLint test.
1. Go to WebStorm Preference
2. Search for `ESLint`
3. Click `Enable`

![Setting up ESLint](webstorm-eslint.png)

## Use CI with bitbucket pipelines

Your project is on bitbucket? Take advantage of the pipelines feature (Continuous Integration) by creating a 'bitbucket-pipelines.yml' file at the root of the project and use the following code to automatically test your app at each commit:

```YAML
image: gwhansscheuren/bitbucket-pipelines-node-chrome-firefox

pipelines:
  default:
    - step:
        script:
          - node --version
          - npm --version
          - npm install
          - npm test
```

## I'm using Node v0.12 and the server doesn't work?

We settled on supporting the last three major Node.js versions for the boilerplate – at the moment
of this writing those are v5, v6 and v7. We **highly recommend upgrading to a newer Node.js version**!

If you _have_ to use Node.js 0.12, you can hack around the server not running by using `babel-cli` to
run the server: `npm install babel-cli`, and then replace all instances of `node server` in the `"scripts"`
in the `package.json` with `babel server`!

## How to keep my project up-to-date with `react-boilerplate`?

While it's possible to keep your project up-to-date or "in sync" with `react-boilerplate`, it's usually
very difficult and therefore ***at your own risk*** and not recommend. You should not need to do it either, as
every version you use will be amazing! There is a long term goal to make this much easier but no ETA at the moment.

## Have another question?

Submit an [issue](https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate/issues),
hop onto the [Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/mxstbr/react-boilerplate)
or contact Max direct on [twitter](https://twitter.com/mxstbr)!

Commit message:

chore(deps): update webpack (#1358)
* chore(deps): update webpack

* Update 'Introduction'

* Cache again

* Fix warning during generation of webpack dll file

* Describe how to turn off the warnings in production

* Bump webpack

* Improve the docs

docs/general/faq.md, after:

# Frequently Asked Questions

## Table of Contents

- [Where are Babel and ESLint configured?](#where-are-babel-and-eslint-configured)
- [Where are the files coming from when I run `npm start`?](#where-are-the-files-coming-from-when-i-run-npm-start)
- [How do I fix `Error: listen EADDRINUSE 127.0.0.1:3000`?](#how-do-i-fix-error-listen-eaddrinuse-1270013000)
  - [OS X / Linux](#os-x-linux)
  - [Windows](#windows)
- [Issue with local caching when running in production mode (F5 / ctrl+F5 / cmd+r weird behavior)](#issue-with-local-caching-when-running-in-production-mode-f5--ctrlf5--cmdr-weird-behavior)
  - [Quick fix on your local browser:](#quick-fix-on-your-local-browser)
  - [Full in-depth explanation](#full-in-depth-explanation)
- [Local webfonts not working for development](#local-webfonts-not-working-for-development)
- [Non-route containers](#non-route-containers)
  - [Where do I put the reducer?](#where-do-i-put-the-reducer)
  - [How do I run the saga?](#how-do-i-run-the-saga)
- [Using this boilerplate with WebStorm](#using-this-boilerplate-with-webstorm)
  - [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
  - [Enable ESLint](#enable-eslint)
- [Use CI with bitbucket pipelines](#use-ci-with-bitbucket-pipelines)
- [I'm using Node v0.12 and the server doesn't work?](#im-using-node-v012-and-the-server-doesnt-work)
- [How to keep my project up-to-date with `react-boilerplate`?](#how-to-keep-my-project-up-to-date-with-react-boilerplate)
- [Have another question?](#have-another-question)

## Where are Babel and ESLint configured?

In package.json

## Where are the files coming from when I run `npm start`?

In development Webpack compiles your application runs it in-memory. Only when
you run `npm run build` will it write to disk and preserve your bundled
application across computer restarts.

## How do I fix `Error: listen EADDRINUSE 127.0.0.1:3000`?

This simply means that there's another process already listening on port 3000.
The fix is to kill the process and rerun `npm start`.

### OS X / Linux:

1. Find the process id (PID):
    ```Shell
    ps aux | grep node
    ```
    > This will return the PID as the value following your username:
    > ```Shell
    > janedoe    29811  49.1  2.1  3394936 356956 s004  S+    4:45pm   2:40.07 node server
    > ```
    > Note: If nothing is listed, you can try `lsof -i tcp:3000` 

1. Then run
    ```Shell
    kill -9 YOUR_PID
    ```
    > e.g. given the output from the example above, `YOUR_PID` is `29811`, hence
    that would mean you would run `kill -9 29811`

### Windows

1. Find the process id (PID):
    ```Shell
    netstat -a -o -n
    ```

    > This will return a list of running processes and the ports they're
    listening on:
    > ```
    > Proto     Local Address     Foreign Address   State       PID
    > TCP       0.0.0.0:25        0.0.0.0:0         Listening   4196
    > ...
    > TCP       0.0.0.0:3000      0.0.0.0:0         Listening   28344
    ```

1. Then run
    ```Shell
    taskkill /F /PID YOUR_PID
    ```
    > e.g. given the output from the example above, `YOUR_PID` is `28344`, hence
    that would mean you would run `taskkill /F /PID 28344`

## Issue with local caching when running in production mode (F5 / ctrl+F5 / cmd+r weird behavior)

Your production site isn't working? You update the code and nothing changes? It drives you insane?

#### Quick fix on your local browser:

To fix it on your local browser, just do the following. (Suited when you're testing the production mode locally)

`Chrome dev tools > Application > Clear Storage > Clear site data` *(Chrome)*

#### Full in-depth explanation

Read more at https://github.com/NekR/offline-plugin/blob/master/docs/updates.md

## Local webfonts not working for development

In development mode CSS sourcemaps require that styling is loaded by blob://,
resulting in browsers resolving font files relative to the main document.

A way to use local webfonts in development mode is to add an absolute
output.publicPath in webpack.dev.babel.js, with protocol.

```javascript
// webpack.dev.babel.js

output: {
  publicPath: 'http://127.0.0.1:3000/',
  /* … */
},
```

## Non-route containers

> Note: Container will always be nested somewhere below a route. Even if there's dozens of components
in between, somewhere up the tree will be route. (maybe only "/", but still a route)

### Where do I put the reducer?

While you can include the reducer statically in `reducers.js`, we don't recommend this as you lose
the benefits of code splitting. Instead, add it as a _composed reducer_. This means that you
pass actions onward to a second reducer from a lower-level route reducer like so:


```JS
// Main route reducer

function myReducerOfRoute(state, action) {
  switch (action.type) {
    case SOME_OTHER_ACTION:
      return someOtherReducer(state, action);
  }
}
```

That way, you still get the code splitting at route level, but avoid having a static `combineReducers`
call that includes all of them by default.

*See [this and the following lesson](https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-redux-reducer-composition-with-arrays?course=getting-started-with-redux) of the egghead.io Redux course for more information about reducer composition!*

### How do I run the saga?

Since a container will always be within a route, one we can simply add it to the exported array in
`sagas.js` of the route container somewhere up the tree:

```JS
// /containers/SomeContainer/sagas.js

import { someOtherSagaFromNestedContainer } from './containers/SomeNestedContainer/sagas';

function* someSaga() { /* … */ }

export default [
  someSaga,
  someOtherSagaFromNestedContainer,
];
```

Or, if you have multiple sagas in the nested container:


```JS
// /containers/SomeContainer/sagas.js

import nestedContainerSagas from './containers/SomeNestedContainer/sagas';

function* someSaga() { /* … */ }

export default [
  someSaga,
  ...nestedContainerSagas,
];
```

## Using this boilerplate with WebStorm

WebStorm is a powerful IDE, and why not also use it as debugger tool? Here is the steps

1.  [Install JetBrain Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jetbrains-ide-support/hmhgeddbohgjknpmjagkdomcpobmllji)
2.  [Setting up the PORT](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/2016.1/using-jetbrains-chrome-extension.html)
3.  Change WebPack devtool config to `source-map` [(This line)](https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate/blob/56eb5a0ec4aa691169ef427f3a0122fde5a5aa24/internals/webpack/webpack.dev.babel.js#L65)
4.  Run web server (`npm run start`)
5.  Create Run Configuration (Run > Edit Configurations)
6.  Add new `JavaScript Debug`
7.  Setting up URL
8.  Start Debug (Click the green bug button)
9.  Edit Run Configuration Again
10.  Mapping Url as below picture
    * Map your `root` directory with `webpack://.` (please note the last dot)
    * Map your `build` directory with your root path (e.g. `http://localhost:3000`)
11.  Hit OK and restart debugging session

![How to debug using WebStorm](webstorm-debug.png)

### Troubleshooting

1. You miss the last `.` (dot) in `webpack://.`
2. The port debugger is listening tool and the JetBrain extension is mismatch.

### Enable ESLint

ESLint help making all developer follow the same coding format. Please also setting up in your IDE, otherwise, you will fail ESLint test.
1. Go to WebStorm Preference
2. Search for `ESLint`
3. Click `Enable`

![Setting up ESLint](webstorm-eslint.png)

## Use CI with bitbucket pipelines

Your project is on bitbucket? Take advantage of the pipelines feature (Continuous Integration) by creating a 'bitbucket-pipelines.yml' file at the root of the project and use the following code to automatically test your app at each commit:

```YAML
image: gwhansscheuren/bitbucket-pipelines-node-chrome-firefox

pipelines:
  default:
    - step:
        script:
          - node --version
          - npm --version
          - npm install
          - npm test
```

## I'm using Node v0.12 and the server doesn't work?

We settled on supporting the last three major Node.js versions for the boilerplate – at the moment
of this writing those are v5, v6 and v7. We **highly recommend upgrading to a newer Node.js version**!

If you _have_ to use Node.js 0.12, you can hack around the server not running by using `babel-cli` to
run the server: `npm install babel-cli`, and then replace all instances of `node server` in the `"scripts"`
in the `package.json` with `babel server`!

## How to keep my project up-to-date with `react-boilerplate`?

While it's possible to keep your project up-to-date or "in sync" with `react-boilerplate`, it's usually
very difficult and therefore ***at your own risk*** and not recommend. You should not need to do it either, as
every version you use will be amazing! There is a long term goal to make this much easier but no ETA at the moment.

## How to turn off Webpack performance warnings after production build?

Webpack recommends having those performance hints turned off in development but to keep them on in production. If you still want to disable them, add the next lines to the config in `webpack.prod.babel.js`:
  
```js
  performance: {
    hints: false
  }
```
You can find more information about the `performance` option in the Webpack documentation: [Configuration/Performance](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/performance/).


## Have another question?

Submit an [issue](https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate/issues),
hop onto the [Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/mxstbr/react-boilerplate)
or contact Max direct on [twitter](https://twitter.com/mxstbr)!
